Palestinians in Gaza are facing the
immediate possibility of starvation the
UN said today as it warned a lack of
fuel is preventing Aid being distributed
it will be 6 weeks tomorrow since the
October 7th Hamas attacks on Israel and
the start of an Israeli military
offensive on Gaza the UN Human Rights
Chief says one in every 57 people in
Gaza has been killed or wounded Services
of many kinds have been badly affected
from hospitals to flower mills and
bakeries
the Israeli government says two tankers
of diesel a day will now be allowed in
to prevent the sewage system collapsing
but the UN says much more is needed our
correspondent Yogi lii has been working
with journalist majj the Fati in Gaza
for tonight's first report it includes
the story of one family brought into
alaka Hospital in central Gaza including
a young child who later died there are
distressing images from the
start Monday in Central
Gaza
[Music]
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday and today another air strike
all in so-called safer areas away from
the north where Israel is conducting
ground
operations and had asked civilians to
evacuate the baru family was bombed in
derl
Bala we're being killed and no one is
doing anything about it this man
shouts Abid bergu is still breathing in
critical condition doct scramble to
treat the
boy on the floor by his bed they check
his father sub for a heartbeat they
can't hear
it his family in shock still finding
out who's been rescued who survived and
who hasn't from 30
members this is their youngest injured
but not
seriously the buuts had fled to derl
Bala for safety from zun in the
north a bit later sub Brother Ali is
taken to identify the
bodies four of the family have been
killed little Abid didn't make
it we thought we'd come to a safe place
but no one is safe in Gaza Ali
says Abid sub Bal and
Allah four of thousands of gazin
killed good bye my dear su's mother says
you're with God now you were such a good
son grief is one form of suffering in
Gaza this is
another hundreds gather outside one of
the few FL Mills still
running the manager tries to pacify
people
we haven't eaten for two days some in
the crowd
shout we've escaped death but now are
dying slowly because of a severe
shortage of food flour and basic needs
we are a family of eight I burn
discarded paper cups to keep my children
warm people are also struggling to find
drinking water and there's not close to
enough Aid coming in for gaza's 2.2
million all but a tiny handful of whom
can't get out yogat BBC News Jerusalem